Add AVIF to wheels using only aomenc and dav1d AVIF codecs for reduced size (#8858)
python-pillow/Pillow: docs/releasenotes/11.3.0.rst

from source, if a user happens to have an earlier libavif on their system, Pillow will
now ignore it.

AVIF support in wheels
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Support for reading and writing AVIF images is now included in Pillow's wheels, with
> libaom available as an encoder and dav1d as a decoder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Support for reading and writing AVIF images is now included in Pillow's wheels, except
for Windows arm64. libaom is available as an encoder and dav1d as a decoder.
```

I realised I should have mentioned Windows arm64 wheels do not have libavif.
